Bill Johnson Lost his Legion of Watermelons, sung by Tom Ballentine.
Bill Johnson went one day to a church upon the hill.
He thought he'd hear the good man preach and pray.
But if the king had lived a wicked soul, he stayed from Dyer's Hill till he thought it was time to cast his sins away.
But when the parson called on Bill, he stumbled up the aisle.
He's thinking as he slowly fell in line.
On Bill's way home, the shining moon was sinking all the while.
Exposed a million smiling on the vine.
Bill slowly climbed the fence.
Hmm, what a mince.
Oh, my, melon fever's on.
Oh, my, here's where I'm going.
If you want to save my soul tonight, you've got to hide that old moonlight.
When I see melons, I write, melon fever's on.